Add dduportal's bio (#4811)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/authors/dduportal.adoc

---
name: "Damien DUPORTAL"
twitter: DamienDuportal
github: dduportal
irc: dduportal
---

Damien is the link:/project/team-leads/#infrastructure[Jenkins Infrastructure officer]

> and a software engineer at link:CloudBees[https://www.cloudbees.com] working as a Site Reliability Engineering for the link:/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure project].

Reviewer: Minor spelling correction?
```suggestion
and a software engineer at link:CloudBees[https://www.cloudbees.com] working as a Site Reliability Engineer for the link:/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure project].
```

> Not only he is a decade-old Hudson/Jenkins user but also an open-source citizen with participations in link:https://www.updatecli.io/[Updatecli],

Reviewer: Minor phrasing suggestion
```suggestion
Not only he is a decade-old Hudson/Jenkins user but also an open-source citizen who participates in link:https://www.updatecli.io/[Updatecli],
```
